Update README (#99)
ntut-open-source-club/practical-tools-for-simple-design: README.md

# Practical Tools for Simple Design

###### Officially Supported Platforms and IDEs

|                                | Windows | macOS | Linux |
|:------------------------------:|:-------:|:-----:|:-----:|
|             CLion              |    V    |   V   |   V   |
|        VSCode[^codeoss]        |    V    |   V   |   V   |
| Visual Studio[^novs][^vsmacos] |    ?    |   X   |   X   |

> |             No IDE             |    V    |   V   |   V   |

Reviewer: WTF? GARBAGE

Author: Some framework I know doesn't officially provide technical support on no IDE develop.

> [^vsmacos]: [Microsoft Kills Visual Studio for Mac](https://visualstudiomagazine.com/articles/2023/08/30/vs-for-mac-retirement.aspx)

Reviewer: footnote not good, please put closely.

Author: ![Hmm](https://cdn.7tv.app/emote/60ae3e54259ac5a73e56a426/1x.webp)

[^codeoss]: On Linux the support of Code - OSS and VSCodium aren't guaranteed.

> [^novs]: We don't provide support for Visual Studio, but building PTSD on VS is available.

Reviewer 2: I feel like we could provide partial support, but due to lack of testing there may or may not be more issues on VS

Author: ```suggestion
[^novs]: We could provide partial support, but due to lack of testing there may or may not be more issues on VS. anyway, building PTSD on VS is available.
```
